Add `required` option to resources (#21)
servactory/featury: README.md

resource :user, type: User, option: true
```

> To call flag without passing resource utilize `required: false` parameter (e.g. to manage global state) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call a feature without passing a resource, use the `required: false` option (e.g., for managing the global state of the feature).
```
